# Notes 21/03/2023

**Location**: Drebbelweg-PC Hall 1
**Date**: 21.03.2023
**Time**: 16:45-17:30
**Attendees**: Georgios Kontos, Ioan Leolea, Jakub Matyja, Vlad Popescu, Shashwat Sahay
**Chair**: Jakub Matyja

## **16:45 - Beginning of the meeting**
The meeting has begun on time.

## **Agenda additions**
No additions were mentioned, as everyone approved the agenda.

## **The absence of Germans from the meeting.**
The chair noted that German is missing and has been completely inactive in the last two weeks, but he still is on Brightspace, so we asked whether he failed  the course or not.
**TA's Answer**: Germans failed both the git assignment and the meaningful MR, so he failed the course and will be removed from the Brightspace group by Sebastiaan.

We asked about whether having one less team member will change anything in the evaluation of the team.
**TA's answer**: The evaluation of the final product might be slightly more forgiving, but the rest of the evaluation remains the same. The grading would change only if he had left the group after contributing code. In that case, all of his work would be considered given to the team.


## **Feedback on Brightspace**
We asked about the feedback we received on Brightspace that got removed
**TA's answer**: The Task and Planning feedback should now be available on Brightspace.
**Sebastiaan's answer**: The appearance of more sections of feedback on Brightspace was a mistake and all grades will be displayed at the right time.
The TA mentioned we should have already received feedback on the git assignment and Task and planning, and we will also receive feedback on the Backlog and BuddyCheck.

We asked about the progress of the group and of individuals.
**TA's answer**: the team feedback is now available on Brightspace. Individual feedback will start from now according to code contribution. If a team member is falling behind, they will be notified. 


## **Heuristic Usability Evaluation**
We asked if we can choose any team
**TA's answer**: Yes.

We asked which model for Heuristic evaluation shoud we use
**TA's answer**: Overleaf

We asked if we should have an abstract, where we make an introduction and if we need to describe the whole process.
**TA's answer**: Yes we should. For different paragraphs, we will need to have seperated rubrics, because they take different percentage of points. We should also include graphs.

We asked whether we will have one or multiple observers for the other team.
**TA's answer**: Only one person will be the observer. The instructions of the lecture should be followed in detail. We should start preparing questions and we should either use the app or mockups. The grading will be based on the beginning, the findings and results 


## **Long Polling vs Web sockets**
We asked about whether we should use both web sockets and long polling
**TA's answer**: He believes we should most likely use web sockets, but will ask the head TA and let us know.

## **Discussion about having a User**
We asked about whether the application should have users
**TA's answer**: We can differentiate clients by IP. Also in many-to-many, we need to have a seperate table for the lists. He also recommended not saving the users as a seperate table in the database.


## **Stand up moment:**
**Jakub**: Completed the drag and drop functionality and created an overview of boards a user has joined

**Shash**: Added the change server functionality

**Ioan**: Completed the create Board funtionality and started working on synchronization

**Vlad**: Completed the features of the minimal application regarding the cards and helped with synchronization

**George**: Helped with create board, created the user sign in page, implemented the join board functionality and wrote tests for the server

## **Roles for the next meeting**
**Chair**: Vlad
**Minute-taker**: Shash
