# Notes 07/03/23

**Location**: Drebbelweg-PC Hall 1   
**Date**: 07.03.2023   
**Time**: 16:45-17:30   
**Attendees**: Georgios Kontos, Ioan Leolea, Jakub Matyja, Vlad Popescu, Shashwat Sahay, Germans Vahatovs   

## **16:45 - Beginning of the meeting**
The meeting has begun on time!
## **Agenda additions**

No additions were mentioned.

## **Backlog Feedback**

We asked for feedback for our final backlog.   
**TA's Answer**: We added the descriptions for the epics, which is nice, but some of them are too short. Some of the epics are not in order, so we should change that. User stories and acceptance criteria are fine. So we only have to modify the descriptions and the ordering according to the official backlog.  

We asked about the first requirement on the backlog that wasn't discussed during the user Q&A's.  
**TA's Answer**: Sebastian didn't say anything about the server because nobody asked that question. Essentially he wants a client server architecture, the server should always be running and have stuff on it.   

## **Git assignment**

*Did anyone have any problems with the git assignment?*  

Some questions were asked, Vlad said that git commit after merge wasn't working and Jakub mentioned something regarding Unix (I did not understand his issue so I am not going to try to reproduce it).  
**TA's Answer**: He suggested Vlad to use "git commit -m", maybe it will help. He said he can't really help that much with git, he can help with GitKraken and Intellij.  

## **Heuristic Usability Evaluation**  

*We asked for tips on Heuristic Usability Evaluation*  

There was an ordered list in terms of how severe the problem was, are these specific types prioritized?    
**TA's Answer**: They are not prioritized, every issue is important in its own way, but some are worse than others.  

What exactly do we have to do?  
**TA's Answer**: We just give them the mocks and tell them what to asses. The list of assesments should be like "Check if you can make a list or a board" instead of "Is this button working?". Everything has to be said in the report, you describe the procedure and then report the testers' observations.  

How can you know the other team does their job?  
**TA's Answer**: There is an external observer that guarantees that things are done right.  

## **Discussing the program for the application**

For the first week, we split the tasks for backend and frontend equally, but this will probably change in the next weeks. Now that we have the backlog, we should makes issues on gitlab and split them.  

We asked how exactly to use gitlab features to split our tasks in the best way possible and be as organized as possible.  
**TA's Answer**: Issues should be used for epics and milestones are like deadlines and are used for sprints in gitlab. In issues we need to have some labels, milestones would be useful, we can also add weights (number you add to issues, like priority) but most people use them to see how many hours a task would take.  

**Continuation of TA's Answer**: We will start receiving feedback on how MR's look, how our issues look, what names do our branches have. So we should write issues well. Gitlab has tasks, there we should add acceptance criteria and check the boxes. We should create the issues, then divide the weights and then start.  

Are we expected to start sprints?    
**TA's Answer**: If we decide to use Scrum we should use sprints.  

What is considered a meaningful merge request?  
**TA's Answer**: We should have something by the end of the week (e.g classes that are significant in the grand scheme of things, but not necessarily something complete)  

**Continuation of TA's Answer**:From next meeting, besides the stand-up moment we also need to have a demo.  

## **Buddycheck**

What is Buddycheck?  
**TA's Answer**: It's peer evaluation.

## **Stand up moment**

We explained what we planned during our meetings: Ioan, Shash and Georgios did the CardList, Card and Board entities, repos and controllers, while Vlad, Jakub and Germans had to do scenes and controllers for MainOveriew, BoardView and CreateBoard. So everybody took turns and showed what they did.  

Jakub and Georgios had an error when commiting because they had something different in one field.  

**Vlad**: Finished his tasks.  

**Ioan**: Finished his tasks but did something wrong in git and has to rewrite the classes.  

**Georgios**: Finished his tasks.  

**Jakub**: He had the hardest javafx page, did not finish, but is making progress.  

**Shash**: Didn't finish.  

**Germans**: Didn't finish.  

## **Summary of action points**  

*(these might change if some people want to do more until the next week)*  

| Action Items                             | Who is responsible | Deadline   |
|------------------------------------------|--------------------|------------|
| Make mockups and flowchart for HUE       | Everyone           | 14.03.2023 |
| CardList  entities, repo and controllers | Ioan               | 14.03.2023 |
| Card  entities, repo and controllers     | Shash              | 14.03.2023 |
| Board entities, repo and controllers     | Georgios           | 14.03.2023 |
| MainPage scene and controller            | Vlad               | 14.03.2023 |
| BoardOverview scene and controller       | Jakub              | 14.03.2023 |
| CreateBoard  scene and controller        | Germans            | 14.03.2023 |

## **Roles for the next meeting**     
**Chair**: Jakub   
**Minute-Taker**: Germans



