# Notes 28/03/2023

**Location**: Drebbelweg-PC Hall 1
**Date**: 28.03.2023
**Time**: 16:45-17:30
**Attendees**: Georgios Kontos, Ioan Leolea, Jakub Matyja, Vlad Popescu, Shashwat Sahay
**Chair**: Vlad Popescu

## **Heuristic Evaluation**
- Abstract and introduction should be separate
- Better description of what experts are required to do
- Adding a google form to survey experts better
	* TA says it's a good idea, but doing evaluation again might be tedious
	* If it's exactly the same as the teamwork assignment, it's correct
- TA says the matrix was very good, but needs more details
- Good idea to also write about how the experts did the evaluation (when they did it, when they were updated, etc.)
- Photos are mandatory (regarding before/after, etc.) - must be in the document

## **Feedback on Technology Rubric**
- Long classes are never good, maybe refactor ServerUtils into multiple classes
	
## **This week's deadlines**
- Product Pitch Draft
	- Coordinate another meeting during the week to make it easier
	- Draft can just be a script (should be like a screenplay)
	- All of us have to speak at least 1 min, and be present on camera
	- More like an investor meeting, should be able to describe technical details, should be more serious
	- Can have music?
		
- Self-Reflection Draft
	- 3 "Episodes" in our journey
		
## **README**
- ReadMe is not super relevant in grading
- Just our names is usually enough for most teams
- (Should probably remove one name)
	
## **Unfinished Issues**
- Should implement UI changes
- Add features to existing issues, for example choosing server on startup
	
## **Code Contribution**
- Shash and Vlad need to take the remaining issues, George and Ioan can basically stop coding
- We will distribute work so that George and Ioan can work more on Heuristic Evaluation, while Shash, Vlad and Jakub will continue on the codebase
- Testing constitutes a large part of code contribution, so we should also do that more effectively

## **Next meeting**
- Will be 25 mins, basically just a rapid-fire Q/A
- Ioan will be chair, and Jakub will be minute-taker
	
	
## **Miscellanious**
- Remove .png images etc, from gitignore to keep them for main page customization
- Change gradle title from quizzz